Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today...
Is our love... love... loveeeeely~
Love Live character
Our loveeeeeeely~!
*inhales*
Yazawa Nico’s birthday!
Happy birthday! I love you! Oh, how I lo-
So let's scout on summonings of µ’s!
(Idol group name, pronounced “Muse”)
Well...
I’ve paid, and have the love gems ready...
Right?
It's just that, well...
I've actually collected love gems for this occasion
But since the new UR angel Riko-chan from last month...
Was too cute to handle...
I've used up my gems just a bit...
Unfortunately didn't pull the UR...
And in the end, I was left with 100 gems...
So I've spent on them!
There, now I have 370 gems!
So having said that now...
I don't have enough UR Nico in my teams...
For my Pure team, getting there, 3 of them here...
But since I don't have enough for my Cool, and Cute (Smile) team...
Until I get all unowned UR's...
I won't go home!
That's my goal
Well...
Talking about budget, 370 is my limit...
Well, maybe...
Someone might bring me more iTunes Cards or something like that...
Having said that..
Let's do it!
And since this is a limited birthday scouting...
Chances were increased of rare characters, though it's limited by three times, right?
That is, the summoning will be hidden after they've been made three times
After the third scout, I'll...
For the 3rd scout...
Since it’ll guarantee an SSR or above card...
I’ll definitely get a UR now!
And then...
I have 34 blue scouting tickets ready!
So adding up from the step-up scouting, well...
Two, three...
I can scout 8 times...
Well, then...
So I'll try my best with 8 more blue scouting tickets afterwards
And now...
Here I go!
Nico-chan is cute! Nico-chan is cute!
Nico Nico Ni~
Yes, Nico-chan is so cute! Nico-chan is so cute! Really cute!
Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan!
Oh! An SSR!
Yes!
Ahh! I already have it!
I already have it...
I like Nico-chan, but I don't really like that type of SSR...
Actually...
I wanted the SSR that was released after that
But it's good anyway, and also...
Ah, but...
I got two SR's so it wasn't bad
And one of them I didn't have, right?
So then, I got a new one, right?
Okay!
Nico Nico Ni~
Adorable! Adorable!
Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan! Nico-chan!
Ahhhh!
My UR...?
Where's my UR...?
Oh, so cute!
It's probably the mermaid version!
Or this one? Oh, it's this one
But what was the one just now?
*Mumbling*
What was the first one again?
Oh, I see now!
It's the one that becomes a princess when idolized...
The Ball version right?
This Nico-chan is really cute!
Love it!
Really love it!
But this is the real challenge...
PLEASE!
UR! UR! UR! UR! UR! UR! UR!
At least!
AT LEAST!
Give me the new SSR!
Not the initial version!
Please! Please! Please!
OOOOH! SO CUTE!
OHHH! So cute!
She's really cute here!
Look at her!
How cute!
*inhales*
Nico-ni with...
Ice cream!
Nico-ni with ice cream!
I want to have them!
I want to have ice cream scooped by Nico Ni~
This is the SSR that I wanted the most!
Thank you!
Also the Pool version...
It's the same group as Maki-chan, right?
Having said that...
Here I go
5 times left, right? Here I go...
*deep breath*
PLEASE!
I BEG YOU!
AHHH! Wait, what about the UR!?
*inhales*
There's no UR!
Oh, this! This! This! This! This! This!
The "Taisho Romance" version is really cute
And now?
Of course you'd show up...
This one's cute!
*inhales*
Everyone is really cute in this version!
But Nico-chan is really adorable, right?
Adorable...
Yes, she's adorable!
With the kind of classy smile and laughs "Ufu~"
Something like that, how cute...
It's something that gets me every time
Now here I go!
Yes!
Nico-chan’s so cute! Nico-chan’s so cute! Nico-chan’s so cute! Nico-chan’s so cute!
Hey, what about the UR!
HEY!
Oh, so cute!
*inhales*
A florist right?
Cute...
Man... at least one...
Yes, how adorable
Nyu!
So cute!
Now it comes to 3 more tries left!
Here I go
*inhales*
Nico-chan is cute! Super cute!
Nico Nico Ni!
Please, I beg you!
*inhales*
At least give me the Pool version
Pool version, pool version, pool version...
Pool version, pool version, pool version, pool version, pool version...
Pool, pool, pool, pool, pool...
AHHHHH!
The same one!
*inhales*
No way!
This is wrong!
This is definitely wrong!
So wrong!
WRONG!
Ah, but...
Well...
I was really in shock and hurled away but...
That Nico-chan's initial Yukata version, you know...
She would be really cute if I idolize her!
Good, now take a deep breath...
*deep breath*
Inhale!
Here we go again...
Nico Nico Ni!
You're so cute!
I love you! I love you! I love you! Come!
WHY!?
This is strange...
Really strange...
For this...
For a year...
This...
*inhales*
For a year that I know this system has been added...
Do you know how it feels when I've been collecting the gems for this?!
Think about it!
Nico-chan!
Please!
Don't steal from me!
*inhales*
Here I go again!
I love you, really love you!
SUPER love you! Really!
Really, I love you a lot!
Really!
I've dedicated my life for this...
SOOO!
So then...
*inhales*
At least...!
At least give me the Pool version!
Please
*inhales*
Hey, please...
Give me the Pool version! Give me the Pool version!
Please, give me the Pool version, there's no chance for UR...
SOOOOO!
No!
*inhales*
Hey, this is wrooong!
This is completely wrong!
Well...
You're still cute!
You're cute but...
It's not like I can like everything about my favorite...
There are things I find cute and not cute about her...
And while this expression is good...
Definitely for me, well...
I prefer...
Well...
Her original illustration
I'm sorry, gems!
Now...
*laughs*
There's a lot of Nico-chan here...
So I'll sell them for seals!
Here goes nothing!
There! There! There! There! There! There! There!
All of them! All of them! All of them!
Every one of them except SR's
All of them! All of them!
All... All of them! All of them!
Turn to seals!
Okay, all...
Okay, all of them
Ah!
Eh?
You're there, right?
I got scared!
All of them!
There, there!
Every one of them!
All of them! All of them!
Let's go!
There!
Okay!
Good!
All of them!
Sha!
Oh, by the way...
Do you guys want to see my list?
You want to see it?
Guess I have no choice...
Here! So many UR's!
Money well spent!
Alright!
So then...
I'll turn then into seals...
Okay, I'll turn them for seals...
I don't do this for seals...umm...
Actually it's for...
Turning them into tickets!
Alright!
Now it's the real deal from now on!
It was probably a farce just now!
And also...
I would be silly if I pull this...
Even though it guarantees a UR...
Ah, maybe this one...
I think...
So I can turn them into seals...
I have a chance...
Of pulling 5 UR's...
Well, more than a "chance"...
I've put my faith on my luck so...
Off I go!
I can scout 10 times!
So I can do it!
Please!
Well...
Take a deep breath...
It's not good to go too hard after all
Yes
I'll do it calmly...
This is strange...
*Coughing*
Here I go!
Oh!
Ahhh! She's adorable, but...
Also I can "awaken" her abilities, but...
Nico-chan...
This Kotori is really cute, and I can awaken her abilities, but...
But, you see...
I remember wanting this version of Kotori, even though she's not my favorite
So I spent 70,000 yen and failed!
(Around 630 USD, good God)
Recently I've finally got one of her...
Thank you very much!
That doesn't matter!
Today is Yazawa Nico-chan's BIRTHDAY!
♪ Happy birthday Nico-chan! ♪
♪ Happy birth...AAH!
NOT THIS ONE!
No!
Maki-chan is also cute! Really cute!
Nico-Maki right?
Nico-Maki is good!
But...
I don't want this!
Here I go again
♪ Happy birthday Nico-chan! ♪
Oh! So cute!
How cute
It's not a UR but I'm fine with it anyway, thanks Nico-chan, I like it
I love you! Yes, really cute!
Adorable
And again...
♪ Happy birthday Nico-chan! ♪
♪ Happy birthday ♪
Then...
Aaah, but...!
I have her... okay
♪ Happy birthday Nico-chan! ♪
Oh, really cute Nico Ni~
She was summoned 3 times now!
Next could be a UR!
♪ Happy birthday, dear Nico-chan! ♪
♪ Happy birthday to... ♪
...
But...
Wait a minute...
Well...
For now, 2 UR's have shown up...
For the moment, well...
Well, yes...
Yes
Here I go...
One, two and..!
Nico-chan I love you! Please come back to me! Please, please...
*inhales*
Oh! How cute!
Even though she's an SR!
*inhales*
She's not who I wanted but she's really cute though!
Really cute, and cute!
*inhales*
It's true, Nico Ni really can't study properly, right!?
Good, let's go, let's go
Seeing her really trying hard is really cute!
You see...
Actually...
I'm always an A.I that does anything to the end...
So... this is my last spurt
*Mumbling*
*About to cry* Ahhhh!
Now or never!
Okay!
Alright!
Oh!
NOOO! Not this one!
*inhales*
Is it like that?!
After all, Maki-chan really loves Nico Ni~
*inhales*
And there’s a lot of Nico Ni here...
So she wanted to be here...
I see...
I get it...
So...
What is this video again?
Ah.. ah...
What just happened!?
*inhales*
I wanted to make use of the gems, but... well..
Anyway, to end this...
Well...
Let's idolize Kotori and Maki-chan, and wrap this up
Eh...
Okay! *chirp, chirp*
Alright, really cute right?
I've always wanted this… dancing version
Now you're in my hands...
Isn't that great!?
No Nico-chan though...
Okay
"I don't understand!"
Yeah, exactly!
Exactly! Like...
"I really don't understand this!"
Cute, Maki-chan's really cute
I like you still...
I actually like everyone in µ's...
But it's Nico-chan's birthday today...
And I really want Nico Ni's UR, so for one year...
I've tried my best, collected the gems, and I barely slept
Alright, so...
I’m sorry about this video!
It was just me scouting, driven by greed!
And there's nothing interesting about it!
Again, I'm deeply sorry!
From tomorrow I’ll pull myself together
And do my best!
For the rest of today, I'm going to rest! Yes!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Damn it!
Translated by M1Ck鈴木, TellowKrinkle,「Qr.」and Vortex